So let's finish the admin area by adding a separate layout for it.
We only get the default layout this far.
Now I will add.
Edmund dot view fall here because I want to have my admin layout I will for that just copy the content
of the default that you fall added in here but remove the site nav and header because let's say we don't
want to have that in the admin area.
I will therefore get rid of the entire scripts section because I don't need it but I want to keep my
styles here.
My application wide Stahl's with that we just need to assign this to our admin pages.
So let's go to these pages and on each of them let's add layout and set it to admin and you need to
do that on a per page level because next by default thankfully assumes that you use the default layout
so therefore you should add it manually whenever you want to deviate from that.
So let me quickly finish that here.
And with that adjust it.
You'll see on the admin area.
I can still use my admin features but the header is gone.
Now of course you could implement a different one or at the old one but I want it to show that it is
gone.
Of course if I go back to adjust the starting page here it is again.
And if we switch on log and bowed it stays there.
It's just the admin area which uses a different layout now and what we're talking about layouts let's
also add an error page shall we.
So on the layouts folder in there let's add this error dot you fall which has to be named like this.
Otherwise it won't work here.
I also prepared some code which you can find attached to the video.
It's just some HTL code where we output a message and then provide a link back to the starting page.
Important with a normal anchor tech because if we get year because our javascript code crashes then
next link would also not work anymore because our javascript app might be dead.
But using a normal link and therefore totally normal aged female features we always can reload the app
on the route page so that is why I use a normal link here.
Then have some styling and with that you can try this out by simply entery slash admins which is a page
that doesn't exist.
Here is our custom error page which allows us to reload.
With that we edit our own layouts.
We added a bunch of components and a bunch of pages where we work with these components.
I guess we're velt prepared to make the next step and now finally add some dynamic data step by step
to our application.